Demon devil invasion wiped out population + other cataclysmic events everywhere.

"One day out of nowhere it just happened. Portals appeared all over the world from the nine hells and devils started invading our realm. Riminster was one of the few cities that didn’t instantly crumble… We were ready for war. We fought them back and killed some of the demon lords leading them. But there would always be more and after a few years we encountered the same enemies we killed in previous battle. We learned that killing devils was a more complicated matter then we first thought. I never understood what was happening during those years of war if anyone knew they never bothered telling me. All I knew is that we were only defending ourselves. After about 8 years of frequent attacks it finally stopped. At first, I thought some of our forces who went on the offensive destroyed the portals and for a while it felt like victory until something much worst appeared.

Black ships with strange dark green patterns appeared floating in the sky. I remember I counted at least 14 of them. They were gigantic, much larger than even a dragon or a Roc. And their main ship was the size of our city and as it approached its shadow engulfed everyone in darkness. I took my hammer and started fighting against the new invaders. I fought against these alien creatures as they started appearing everywhere in the city has if teleporting…They were few but extremely powerful. Most of them had metallic bows or strange weapons that would shoot beams of energy. Their arrows were magical in nature, when hit by them some people became status of stone, some disappeared, some started burning and the one I was hit by was covered in an unknown poison that made me weaker and slower. But those weren’t even the most dangerous enemies. One of them was much larger and wielding a large burning scythe. As he was swinging it around it would create large waves of green flames burning everyone in his way. I saw him slay some of the strongest fighter I knew in a single swing. That’s when I knew this was a lost battle and I escaped to the forge where I encountered my brother Ojin. He was terribly wounded and as soon as he saw me, he grabbed me and teleported us far away. This was 2 years ago; I still haven’t recovered from the poison. With every day that goes by I slowly lose control of my body. At this point I can barely walk, and I am unable to wield my hammer. Ojin went away to search for a cure or survivors that could help us, but I don’t believe he will be back in time.

_At this point there’s a blank page and on the next some more text with the same different handwriting and different ink that was at the beginning._

The world has changed in a mysterious way. Unnatural things started happening. I heard of a powerful Archfey who was bought to this world. The biggest cities that weren’t destroyed still lost any place of worship or knowledge and almost everyone was slain. Small villages survived; small concentrations of people weren’t focused during the invasion. The world of living survives but knowledge has been lost. I haven’t been able to contact anyone so far.

_The last few pages only have random notes on them._

Why did they stop there?

Most places are burned down or partially destroyed… riminster is gone. Only a crater left…"